=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 Name

Tit::Manual – Guide and cookbook for L<Tit>.

=head1 Flow-chart

…Like the one you did for Catalyst. L<http://dev.catalystframework.org/attachment/wiki/WikiStart/catalyst-flow.png>.

=head1 Controllers/Dispatch

…

=head1 Models

Generic notes, several examples like the 10 in 10 and then–

=head2 Adaptors

=over 4

=item DBIC

=item CHI(?)

=back

=head1 Views

=head2 Xslate

L<Text::Xslate>, L<Text::Xslate::Manual::Builtin>

L<Text::Xslate::Bridge::Star>???

=head2 Plain/Text

=head2 JSON

=head1 Toys

Mention RFC:Toy? L<https://bitbucket.org/pangyre/rfc-toy>.

The code samples will only work in the L<Tit> distribution directory
or development repository because tests are not normally installed by
the various CPAN and Perl installation pipelines.

The best way to get the code is to use git.

 cd /your/personal/code-location
 git clone git@github.com:pangyre/p5-tit.git
 cd p5-tit

Then the code examples and URIs that follow should work.

=head2 MiniWiki

This mini-app is a good example of a lot of code. Fire it up and play
around and then take a look at the code.

The application code is in L</t/lib/MiniWiki.pm> and its templates are
in L</t/root/>. This will start the application–

 plackup -I lib t/apps/mini-wiki.psgi -p 4001

Then visit L<http://localhost:4001/>.

=head2 POD viewer

Plain text right now, might keep it that way(?).

 plackup -I lib t/apps/pod.psgi -p 4002

Then visit L<http://localhost:4002/>.

=head2 Unicode Browser

…note written…

=head1 Code Repository

Public: L<http://github.com/pangyre/p5-tit>, private: L<https://bitbucket.org/pangyre/wren/>.

=head1 See Also

L<Plack::App::REST>, L<Plack::Middleware::REST>, L<Dancer2>,
L<Mojolicious>, L<Flea>, L<Kelp>, et cetera.

=head1 Author and License

See L<Tit>.

=cut
